f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\bin\Debug\DigimonCard.exe
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\bin\Debug\DigimonCard.pdb
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\bin\Debug\resources.pri
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\bin\Debug\DigimonCard.build.appxrecipe
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\App.xaml
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\DigimonCard.exe
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\DigimonCard.pdb
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\LoginPage.g.i.cs
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\LoginPage.g.cs
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\RegistPage.g.i.cs
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\RegistPage.g.cs
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\RegistPage.xaml
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\LoginPage.xaml
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\GameLobbyPage.g.i.cs
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\GameLobbyPage.g.cs
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\RoomCard.g.i.cs
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\RoomCard.g.cs
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\RoomCard.xaml
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\GameLobbyPage.xaml
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\GamePage.g.i.cs
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\GamePage.g.cs
f:\users\王永淳\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DigimonCard\DigimonCard\obj\Debug\GamePage.xaml
